DOCS Add audit ignore policy settings to auditing reference (#35274)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/audit-settings.asciidoc

restarts and the administrator cannot change it.
The default value is `true`.

[[audit-event-ignore-policies]]
==== Audit Logfile Event Ignore Policies

> These settings enable fine grained control over which audit events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings affect the {stack-ov}/audit-log-output.html#audit-log-ignore-policy[ignore policies] that enable fine grained control over which audit events
```

> are eventually printed to the log file. See {xpack-ref}/audit-log-output.html#audit-log-ignore-policy[Logfile Audit Events Ignore Policies]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are printed to the log file. 
```

> for the gory details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: good call.

`xpack.security.audit.logfile.events.ignore_filters.<policy_name>.users`::

> Binds with other settings with the same `<policy_name>` to form a policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The value is a list of names or wildcards, and specifies that the policy will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of user names or wildcards. The specified policy will
```

> not print audit events for users matching any of the specifed names or wildcards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not print audit events for users matching these values.
```

`xpack.security.audit.logfile.events.ignore_filters.<policy_name>.realms`::

> Binds with other settings with the same `<policy_name>` to form a policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
```

> The value is a list of names or wildcards, and specifies that the policy will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of authentication realm names or wildcards. The specified policy will
```

> not print audit events for users whose authentication realm matches any of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not print audit events for users in these realms.
```

> specified names or wildcards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

`xpack.security.audit.logfile.events.ignore_filters.<policy_name>.roles`::

> Binds with other settings with the same `<policy_name>` to form a policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The value is a list of names or wildcards, and specifies that the policy will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of role names or wildcards. The specified policy will
```

not print audit events for users whose roles match any of the specified
names or wildcards. If the user has several roles, some of which are *not*
covered by the policy, then the policy will *not* cover this event.
`xpack.security.audit.logfile.events.ignore_filters.<policy_name>.indices`::

> Binds with other settings with the same `<policy_name>` to form a policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
